DOCS-5104 Exchange: full text search (#760)
mulesoft/docs-release-notes: modules/ROOT/pages/exchange/anypoint-exchange-release-notes.adoc

* When using direct upload, provide relevant information about the files that should be uploaded for each asset type. (EXC-3427)
* Users can now customize the order of the user-generated pages in the public portal. (EXC-3405)

> * Exchange now searches the full text of API specifications and portal content. (EXC-2967)

Reviewer: Are we indexing the full API Spec text? @wwarner-salesforce @LucasLudueno @sancheztavo

Author: Is it only certain fields in the API spec? If so, should I change this to "Exchange now searches API specifications and portal content."?

Author: Fixed.

> * Exchange now searches the full text of API specifications and portal content. (EXC-2967)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Exchange search now looks for terms in asset portal pages content (full-text search) and in properties defined in the API specification (for RAML and OAS APIs). Learn more (link to updated docs) (EXC-2967)
```

Author: Updated. Thank you!
